---
title: 'Midwest to Rockies'
date: 2024-01-03
permalink: /posts/2024/01/road_trip_2023/
tags:
  - trips
  - personal
---

Hello, fellow adventurers! I'm Hamid, and today I'm thrilled to share with you the epic tale of our recent road trip from the Midwest to the Rockies. Along with my three friends - Ibrahim, Bilal, and Mujeeb - we embarked on a journey that took us through the heart of America, unveiling its stunning landscapes and vibrant cultures.

The Beginning: West Lafayette, Indiana
Our adventure began in the quaint town of West Lafayette, Indiana. Known for its charming streets and friendly locals, it was the perfect starting point for our journey. With our bags packed and spirits high, we set off in our trusty car, eager to see what the road had in store for us.

Gateway to the West: St. Louis, Missouri
Our first major stop was St. Louis, Missouri, where we marveled at the iconic Gateway Arch. Standing beneath this colossal monument, we felt a sense of awe at the sheer scale of human ingenuity. The city's vibrant energy was infectious, and we found ourselves immersed in its rich history and culture.

Unexpected Discoveries: Springfield, Missouri
As we continued our journey, we made an impromptu stop in Springfield, Missouri. Here, we stumbled upon a unique find - a theatre we mistook for a shrine! This unexpected discovery reminded us of the joys of road trips, where even 'mistakes' can lead to memorable experiences.

The Heart of the Southwest: Oklahoma City to Albuquerque
Driving through the heartland, we reached Oklahoma City, where we spent a night recharging before heading to the quirky Cadillac Ranch in Amarillo, Texas. But it was Albuquerque, New Mexico, that truly captivated us. Visiting the University of New Mexico and meeting my cousin, an associate professor there, gave us a deeper appreciation for the city's academic and cultural vibrancy.

Christmas Spirit in Santa Fe
In Santa Fe, New Mexico, we were enchanted by the Christmas celebrations. The historic Church of Santa Fe, adorned with lights and decorations, was a sight to behold. The festive atmosphere was a heartwarming reminder of the season's joy and togetherness.

Natural Wonders: Grand Canyon and Beyond
No road trip in the West is complete without witnessing the grandeur of the Grand Canyon. As we explored Mather Point and other breathtaking vistas, the canyon's majestic beauty left us speechless. Our journey also took us to the Hoover Dam and the mesmerizing landscapes of Canyons and Arches National Parks.

Cultural Richness: Mesa Verde and Aztec Ruins
Our visit to Mesa Verde National Park and the Aztec Ruins National Monument was a journey back in time. Learning about the ancient cultures that once thrived in these lands was a humbling and educational experience.

The Journey Home
As all good things must come to an end, so did our road trip. We concluded our adventure in Denver, Colorado, before making our way back to West Lafayette. The journey home was a time for reflection on the incredible experiences and the bonds of friendship that had grown stronger with each mile.

Final Thoughts
This road trip was more than just a journey through different states; it was a journey through diverse cultures, stunning landscapes, and shared experiences. It reminded us of the beauty of exploration and the joy of discovering the unknown. Until our next adventure, we'll hold these memories close to our hearts.

Checkout our route

<iframe src="files/html/posts/roadtrip2023dec.html" height="600px" width="100%" style="border:none;"></iframe>

<a href="files/html/posts/roadtrip2023dec.html" target="_blank">Click here to view the full map</a>
